[Mo crying]
♪♪
[Crying continues]
[Sighs]
Grace:
Didn't she just go to sleep?
Think so.
[Crying continues]
[Rufus whines]
Let's go.
You're good.
I know, baby.
I know, I know.
Shh.
It's alright.
You're doing great.
There you go.
Come here.
You're doing good.
It's alright.
It's alright. I got you.
[Crying continues]
What's wrong?
It's the same as last time,
alright?
She's hungry.
[Crying fades]
[Wind howling, metallic
creaking]
[Mask hissing]
[Walker growling]
[Door bell jingles]
[Geiger counter ticking]
[Rat squeaking]
Anyone there?
[Banging in distance]
I said, anyone there?!
Shoo.
Aw, shit.
Oh, God.
[Door opens in distance]
[Shelf clatters]
Man: You hear that?
What is it?
♪♪
I don't know.
Over here!
♪♪
[Man breathing heavily]
[Man grunts]
[Rat squealing]
Woman: Aah!
Oh!
[Gasps]
Fred,
it's just a damn rat.
Ah, shit.
I clipped it.
♪♪
Come on.
Let's go.
♪♪
[Door opens, bell jingles]
[Door closes, bell jingles]
♪♪
[Geiger counter ticking]
Damn it.
♪♪
[Grunts]
I'm right here!
I said I'm right here!
[Door opens, bell jingles]
[Walker growling]
Didn't you hear me?!
♪♪
[Chuckles]
You can rob me!
You can take everything from me!
[Sobbing]
♪♪
I mean it!!
I don't even want to be here!
♪♪
[Sobbing]
I don't want to be here anymore!
[Walker growling]
♪♪
[Crying]
Morgan: Come on. You don't
want to try some of this?
No? Okay.
I don't know.
She ain't gonna eat it.
If she's hungry,
she will.
She's not ready
for solids.
[Crying continues]
Alright, so it's my turn
to go out.
Maybe I'll have
better luck.
No.
No, I'll go.
Hey, wait.
Stop. What?
Stop.
There's a reason
why there's a limit.
You were exposed once
before all this.
I know.And we talked about the fallout
and the weather patterns and --
and the readings you were
getting, and you said six hours.
That was you.
You said six hours
is the longest
that either one of us
could be out there.
You said that, right?
Yeah.
Then it's my turn,
Grace.
And I'll be back
before the clock hits zero.
[Crying continues]
You'll be fine.
Maybe sing to her.
That used to
soothe Duane.
Oh. Okay.
[Crying continues]
[Keys jangling]
Okay. Please, just --
just for a little bit.
Just for a little bit.
[Crying continues]
Please, please,
just for a little bit!
Please, just for a little bit.
Oh, God.
Okay.
[Crying continues]
Okay. I know.
I know.
[Crying continues]
I know. I know.
It's not fair.
You didn't ask to be here,
and neither did I.
I know. I know.
I know.
[Crying continues]
[Sobbing]
I know what he said.
I know what he said,
but I can't.
I can't sing to you.
I'm sorry. I can't.
[ "Baby Please Forgive Me"
playing]
Please listen.
Okay. Shh.
It's alright. It's alright.
Okay.
♪ No matter how hard I try♪There you go.
[Crying stops]There you go. Good girl.
Okay.
♪ To make me forget you♪Thank you.
♪♪
♪ I can't get you off my mind♪
♪ So, I'm always
feeling blue♪
♪♪
♪ Baby, please forgive me...♪
[Music echoing, fading]
♪ You know I love you so♪
[ "Cabin On The Hill"playing]
[Timer beeping]
♪♪
It's okay.
Hey.
It's just me.
You were right.
She likes music.[Chuckles]
Did you find formula?
No.
But I'll be honest,
I didn't really look for it.
I've been working
on something else instead.
What?
[Crying]
This is
our way out of here.
You serious?
It is safe for all of us.
I made sure of it.
I made this out of a smock
I found
in the ship's dental kit.
It'll protect her from
the background radiation.
It's alright.
It's okay.
Be good.
[Crying continues]
And the air --
the air inside here
is as clean
as it is inside the sub.
We should get in.
We know the number of warheads
on that missile --
how they spread out,
their yield,
and that the fallout
will probably cover
a couple hundred miles in any
direction, but with the fuel
I got from the sub's diesels,
we can make it out.
It's too far.
It'll take too long.I can get as far as need to get
in less than six hours,
even if some of the roads
are busted up.We don't even know
what it's like out there.
I have stripped this thing of
everything we don't need, Grace.Morgan --
It is light
and it is fast.
Why are you doing this?
This is not
what you wanted.
I know it,
and it's no place for a baby.
So, we should go.
We can build something someplace
else that would actually last.
You're doing this for me?
And for Mo.
Hey.
You can even
pick the music.
It's a road trip,
right?
And it'll
keep Mo sleeping.
[Engine starts]
[ "I'll Put That Gambling Down"
playing]
♪♪
[ "Untie The Ribbon"playing]
♪ I'm standing in the glow♪
♪ Of the bridges I have burned♪
It's a lot worse
than I thought.
The bombs detonated
on the ground.
If they didn't burn clean,
there could be a lot
of dangerous stuff out here
that'll stick around
for a long time.
It's a good thing
we're getting out of here.
The really dangerous stuff --
you can't see it.
This won't even pick it up.
It's gonna get a lot worse
before it gets better, Morgan.
We're heading
in the right direction.
That's what matters.That's what I'm trying
to tell you.
You don't know that.Well, I...
I feel it.
Everything I've been through and
everything you've been through.
Ain't we due a break?
[Geiger counter ticking]
♪ It's a game no one can win♪
We okay?
We're a lot closer to ground
zero than I thought.
You certain we're
on the right road?
Yeah.
That town up ahead's
on the map.
[Walker growling]
♪ Untie the ribbon♪
Maybe things are gonna get worse
before they get better.
Morgan, we need to talk.About what?
About what happens
when we get...
wherever we get.
What do you mean
"what happens"?
Grace: There's a playlist of
songs I left on this tape.
What is this? I hope you listen to them...
No. ...they'll make you smile.
Turn it off.
I didn't know
this was on there.
Morgan, make it stop.Okay.
Turn it --
I'm trying.
Stop it right now!
Turn it off!
I'm trying.
Morgan, please stop it!
[ "In Dreams"playing]I don't want to hear
that song!
Turn it off!
[Mo crying]
Morgan!
Ah!
[Tires squealing]
♪♪
♪ I close my eyes♪
♪ Then I drift away♪
♪ Into the magic night♪[Crying continues]
♪ I softly --♪[Breathlessly] Stop it.
Stop it!
[Music stops]Stop it, Morgan!
It's out. It's out.
It's out.
[Sobbing]
I don't want to hear it!
Make it stop!
Morgan:
Ah, the wheel's bent.
Can't drive on it.
Can you fix it?
Thought I saw a body shop
back there.
How much time do you need?
How much time can we spare?
30 minutes.
We better move.
[Crying continues]
Hey.
Hey, what the hell
are you doing?
Once you fix the car,
you take the baby and you go.
What?The car will be lighter.
You'll get farther.
The rations will
last you longer.
You don't have to do this.The clock is ticking.
None of that will make enough
of a difference.
I'll get the shop open
and you can move the car.
Oh, come on.
Put your mask back on, please.
No, there's no --Put it on. Put it on.
There's no time to argue!
You and the baby need
every second you can get.
What we need is you.
That's not true,
Morgan.
You've been doing all the heavy
lifting on your own already.
You'll die.
I know.
And I'm okay with that.
You're okay with it?
I didn't want any of this,
Morgan.
I knew what it was
gonna be like.
I knew how hard
it would be,
how it would all probably end
in the same place,
but take longer and be
a hell of a lot more painful.
We heard Mo crying.
We had to go to her.
We have to
take care of her.
You decided that.
You put the gun down
and now you have to live
with that decision,
but I don't.
♪♪
I'm sorry, Morgan,
but I can't --
Hey.
I can't --Just put the mask on.
I can't do this,
and I don't have it in me.
[Gun cocks]
Sorry to interrupt the quarrel.
But we don't really have time
for that shit.
Careful, Bea![Rufus barks, Mo crying]
Hey, don't.
Rufus.
Bea: Where is she?Rufus, come back!
If you're smart,
you'll do the same.
I hear her.
[Mo crying]
They've got her.
She's here.
Oh, hi. Hi, baby.
Hey, you stay
away from her.
Look, if you want this car,
you can take it.
It's just that Mo,
our little baby, she's inside,
and we just want to
take her someplace safe.
Mo?
Her name's Emma.
And she's not your baby.
She's ours.
[Crying continues]
♪♪
Mommy's here.
[Mo crying]
[Groans]
Did you even feed my baby?
[Geiger counter ticking]
♪♪
We shouldn't get close.
I think
those are Beta burns.
They may have been exposed
to worse stuff, too.
Okay.
What's with the bandages?
Are you hurt?
Were you close to the blast?
Just change the tire.
See, I have to protect
that child,
and it doesn't matter
whose kid you think she is.
Are you hearing
the clicking?
Wasn't going that fast
'til you two showed up.
You wanna help?
Fix the damn tire.
[Crying continues]
Fred, come help me.
I can get us out of this.He'll shoot you.
No, I can stop him before.
Shh.
Please, please, be quiet.
Shh. I know.
I know, I know.
It's okay.
Exactly what are they
exposing her to?
Depends where they've been.
Right now, I'm more worried
about this running out.
She can survive them.
She can't survive this.
We fix the car, make sure
that we have everything we need,
then we move.
Okay.
This won't take long.
♪♪
I meant
what I said before.
I may not want to be here,
but I'm not giving up now.
Not like this.
Not with them.
Not when I know you and Mo
could end up dead, too.
You mean that?
I do.
But I'm still here.
I'm not with the person
I really want to be with.
You mean Athena?
I'm never gonna apologize
for giving you
and that baby another day.
Did you really think that we can
be some kind of family with Mo?
I can't do that.
It won't be the same.
Doesn't mean it won't
be something.
[Garage door thumping]
[Walkers growling]
Fred: Bea, you gotta
keep her quiet.
Shh, shh. Shh, shh, shh.
Please, be quiet.
Please, please, please.Bea.
I know, Fred, I'm trying.You got to stop her.
I'm trying.
Hurry up!
I'm going as fast as I can.
Shut her up!
I'm trying!
You remember what happened
last time?
Shoot them!
That'll just draw more.
[Walkers growling]
Grace, get the tape.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
[Whimpers][Crying continues]
[Growling continues]
♪♪
What happened
to those walkers?
They're from the crater.
Be careful.
They fall apart
when you hit 'em,
and you don't want them
to fall apart on you.
Shh. Shh.
[Music playing indistinctly]
She likes it.
Trust me.
[Crying stops]
♪♪
How'd you know?
Morgan: Door's rotted.
It's not gonna hold.
It'll hold, as long
as more don't show up.
♪♪
What's your name?
I helped you, didn't I?
I want what's best
for her, too.
I'm Bea.
Alright, Bea.
I'm Grace.
And that's Morgan.
My husband --
he's called Fred.
Bea, this ain't a potluck
in the church basement!
Are you from this town?
Did you live here?
Across the street.
In the old honky tonk.
Were there
others with you?
People lived in
all these buildings.
Ones connected by the strings.
It's how we talked.
Wrap it up, Bea.
The dead ain't known
for their patience.
We need to leave.
[Sniffles]
For her.
[Grunts]
It's not safe here.
We know.
I wasn't lying when I said
we want what's best for her.
We can --
We can fit in the car.
We can all leave together.
She's right.
We know the way out of here.
We know a safe path
we can take.
You know about Padre,
too?
What's Padre?Be quiet, Bea.
Your daughter could
still be out there.
You could still find her.
She may need you,
and we can --
we can help because
the car's ready to go.
Fred: Bea.
Put her things in the car
and get in.
♪♪
[Mo fussing]
[Mo crying]
♪♪
Against the wall.
Back up.
You did this, right?
I wouldn't endanger her.
Much obliged.
We'll never forget how you folks
helped our family.
But the masks -- can we at least
get them back
if you're gonna leave us
stranded here?
♪♪
Aah!
[Gun cocks]
[Engine starts]
Don't![Gunshot fires]
You damage the car,
no one leaves.
♪♪
They might be able
to get her someplace safe.This isn't about her.
This is about you,
because you're scared.
[Tires squealing]
Already lost one child.
Not gonna
let that happen again.
[Gunshot fires]
I lost a child, too!
Then you know why
I have to do this!
♪♪
Morgan!
[Mo crying]
Out!
[Groans]
[Crying continues]
[Both grunting]
Grace!
Don't let Mo out of your sight!
♪♪
I'm not one of them.
Not yet.
[Walkers growling]
Let's keep it that way.
Come on.
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
How close were you
to the blast?
A few miles.
Is that how
you got those burns?No.
We were in the root cellar
when the bombs went off.
We got these...
later.
I know -- I know we don't have
much time left.
I-I just want to get Emma
someplace safe before the end.
I've been
in your shoes before.
Still am in some ways.
It's why I'm telling you
she is not your child to take.
[Music playing indistinctly]She's not yours, either.
Not by blood, but I made
her father a promise
that I would build
a better world for her.
Least I can do
is take her someplace
where
that might be possible.
I knew that you were taking her
someplace safe.
If the only way that I could
get her back
was to keep her
from getting to that place,
I'd let you take her.Yeah, but that's not
what happened back there.
Where were you
taking her?
We're taking her
outside the fallout.
Fred: We tried doing
what you were doing.
There was a storm
after the bomb went off.
Pushed all that stuff in the
air clear toward Louisiana.
So, we scrounged up
enough gas
that still burned
to make the trip.
Least we thought
it was enough.
How do you think
we ended up like this?
You keep driving that way,
you'll end up just like us.
So, where were you trying
to take her just now?
I'll show you.
There.
There it is.
What is it?
We know it's safe.
We know
it's better than here.
How?
They don't want
anyone saying.
Who doesn't?People on the radio.
And you're sure
this is where it is?
If you don't tell us, how can
we help you get there?
We know where it's not.
And there's only one
more direction to go looking.
Searching like that, you're
gonna get yourself killed.
[Scoffs]
It's too late for that.
You're gonna get herkilled.
I would never do that
to her.
Morgan and I --
we have a place.
It's not much,
but it's protected
from everything out here.
We had to leave because
we didn't have enough food.
For her, for us.
If you come back with us,
and bring some of those supplies
you have here,
we could buy time.
Does it look like
we have time?
Shedoes.
[Banging on door]
We can't stay here
much longer.
We need to
get back to the car.
I'll fix the tire.
We'll get on the road.
[Music stops, Mo crying]
She's gonna draw more.
The batteries.
We need to get
to the car now.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Growling stops]
How we doing?
♪♪
We've got to
go back to the sub.
It's the only way to make sure
she stays safe.
We've used
half the gas we had.
It's pretty much
now or never.
We just need to know
where we're going
and what Padre actually is.
What is Padre?
What you said before,
about me being scared,
you're right.
I am.
But I'm not
the only one one.
I'm doing the only thing
that we can.
Because you're scared
of admitting
what you wanted to build
for Mo might not be possible.
Maybe you're right.
But this thing
I wanted to build
was just something close
to what I once had.
I'm not even talking much.
I'm talking about sitting at
a table with the woman
I love, sharing a meal
and getting angry at our kid
because he's reading comics
instead of talking to us.
And I'm telling you
that might not be possible.
♪♪
I don't know what you
want me to do.
Don't listen
to these people.
Take her back to the sub.
[Engine revving in distance]
♪♪
Shit.
Morgan?
Grace:
Who the hell is that?
Let's not find out.
♪♪
[Engine revving]
Morgan.Get Mo inside.
Keep her safe.
You take cover
if you're staying.
[Mo crying]
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
Get in the back,
and keep her quiet.
♪♪
[Engine revs]
[Car door opens]
[Car door closes]
♪♪
Bea: Who -- Who is it?
[Whimpering]
[Crying continues]
♪♪
Morgan: Stop!
[Gun cocks]
Take another step
and I'll shoot.
♪♪
[Gunshot fires][Gasps]
[Growling, crying continues]
♪♪
[Gunshot fires]
Fred: Please be quiet.
Please. Please. Shh.
Please. Please be quiet.
Shh. Please, please, please.
♪♪
We gotta go back to Emma!
[Scratching]
Do you hear something?
♪♪
[Soft growling]
The hell really happened
to your baby?
♪♪
[Crying continues]Please stop. Please stop.
Please stop.
Please stop. Please stop.
Please stop crying!
Stop crying.
Please stop.
Please.
[Gunshot fires][Bea screams]
Oh, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
[Gunshot fires]
[Sobbing]
Bea.
I'm sorry, but she
was already gone.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
She's not gone.
She's inside with Fred.
You know that's not her,
and it's okay to admit it,
because that's how you start
saying goodbye
and how stop repeating the same
mistakes over and over again.
She was sick like us.
She was -- She was --
She was not doing well.
She was in pain,
and she started crying.
She wouldn't stop.
[Crying continues]
What are you saying?
Fred didn't want her
to suffer.
Grace!
♪♪
[Gunshot fires]
[Walkers growling,
gunshot fires]
[Sobbing] I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Emma.
[Crying continues]
♪♪
[Trigger clicking]
Grace, can you hear me?
Grace!
[Whimpers]
It'll better this way.
I promise.
Grace!
Grace, listen!
Morgan?
♪♪
It'll be better. I promise.
[Gunshot fires]
[Growling continues]
[Crying continues]
Shh.
[Crying, growling continues]
[Distorted, echoing]
♪ ...like dreamers do♪
♪ Then I fall asleep♪
♪ To dreams, my dreams of you♪
♪ In dreams,
I walk with you ♪
[Crying, growling stops]
♪ In dreams,
I talk with you ♪
♪ In dreams, you're mine
[Sniffles]
♪ All of the time
♪ We're together in dreams
♪ In dreams
[Car horn blaring,
walkers growling]
[Splattering]
Okay.
♪♪
[Engine starts, vehicle departs]
[ "It's Time To Quit Crying"
playing]
♪♪
Doesn't feel right,
leaving her behind.
I get it.
But she wants to
spend the time
she has left
with her husband and child.
♪♪
I'm sorry, Grace.
You don't have to say it.
No, I almost
got her killed.
You saved her.Only 'cause I was chasing
after what I needed.
♪♪
I should've
listened to you.
I just wanted to give you
and her something more
than what we have.
♪♪
You didn't fail her.
You didn't fail me.
But you would still rather die
than live out here with me.
Not because of
what's out here.
anything you did.
Maybe we're just
trying too hard.
Reaching for too much.
We are trying so hard
to fix ourselves,
can't even recognize
that it might be alright
just to be
a little bit broken.
♪♪
You're not replacing
Athena, Grace.
♪♪
You know that, right?
♪ So, it's time
to quit grieving♪
I know.
Hmm.
♪ It's time for believing♪
♪ And it's time
to quit crying♪
♪ Over you♪
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
We don't want
any trouble.
♪♪
Well, that makes two of us.
This is our sub.
Last I checked,
the USS Pennsylvaniabelonged
to the Pacific Fleet.
You been following us?
You the one that came with us
on the road?
Look, I said
we don't want any trouble.
And that
sounds like trouble.
Just thought you'd come
and steal from us, is that it?
Morgan.
Morgan Jones?
How do you know that name?
Victor's told us
all about you.
Victor?
Victor's alive?
Oh, very much so.
And here we thought this, uh,
scout was gonna be a bust.
You must be...
Grace.
He's told us
all about you, too.
How would you like to secure
yourself a place in the Tower?
The Tower?
Sorry, Morgan,
you didn't make the cut.
Victor's building a place
removed from the fallout.
Safe from
the world around it.
An ark that will carry us
into the future.
The place
is actually safe?
He's doing everything
you couldn't.
Food, water, security.
What do you say, Grace?
We could use someone
with your expertise.
I know what he did
to Morgan.
I'm not interested
in what he's offering.
I don't want it.You don't have to do that.
Yes, I do.You should think about it.
It's what I want.
He's gonna be disappointed.
Let's go.
Hey, wait. Wait.
Look, Morgan, I already told
you -- you're not welcome.
Okay,
but what about the baby?
Morgan.What about her?
She could use a good home.Morgan, no.
If Victor is building
a place for the future,
he's gonna need people
to live in it, right?
♪♪
You'd give her up?
I will do whatever's
best for her.
Morgan, no.
She's staying with us.
Whatever Strand's building,
it's not gonna be what we have.
She's right.
It's gonna be better.
It's your only chance, Grace,
for you and the baby.
Victor's memory
is long and sharp.
We're staying.
Suit yourself.
♪♪
[Mo crying]
Here we go.
Here, here, here.
Oh, they raided
the pantry, too?
Nothing left to take.
[Crying stops]
Wait. If he didn't run us off
the road, who came after us?
I'm not sure.
But we got more
immediate problems.
Mo's gonna be hungry
again soon.
Morgan.
Morgan, look at that.
[Mo babbling]
She's crawling.
We're gonna have to baby-proof
a whole submarine.
Great job, Mo!
[Chuckles]
Morgan.
Morgan, look.
Look at that.
There's something under here.
♪♪
What the hell?
Lift.
♪♪
[Both chuckle]
There's enough to last us
for months.
Powdered milk.Powdered milk.
[Laughs]We got powdered milk.
Yeah!
[Chuckles]
♪♪
[Wind howling]
[Engine shuts off,
car door opens]
[Car door closes]
♪♪
[Growling]
I'm sorry, brother.
♪♪
[Inhales shakily]
Mr. Jones may have got
the best of me today...
♪♪
...but there's always
tomorrow.
♪♪